Subject	Predicate	Object	Resistance
apt	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
atpD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	Yes
deoA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
deoC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
dnaJ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
fecA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
fepA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
fhiA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
gpmM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
guaA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
guaB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	Yes
hscB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
lpd	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	Yes
lrp	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	Yes
marC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
mcrB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
mdtE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
ompN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
polB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
rpoD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	Yes
sspA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
sspB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
uvrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
xapR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
yagP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
