Subject	Predicate	Object	Probability	Resistance
degP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	0.9699382	Yes
atpA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	0.96160487	Yes
waaQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	0.94460674	Yes
hrpA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	0.88630821	Yes
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	0.79699212	Yes
fnr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	0.78163938	Yes
mltG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	0.76689275	Yes
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	0.75699975	Yes
soxS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	0.72154954	Yes
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	0.6806338	Yes
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	0.67836037	Yes
sapD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	0.67522231	No
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	0.67185489	Yes
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	0.603129	Yes
ftsP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.58916997	Yes
ubiF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.57008197	Yes
crp	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	0.55939789	No
tolQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	0.50980579	Yes
waaF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.48118788	No
hupA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	0.47409993	No
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	0.46953633	No
leuO	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	0.46341267	No
tolQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	0.45079068	Yes
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	0.44627244	Yes
greA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	0.42926898	Yes
gyrB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Levofloxacin	0.39435828	No strain
rbsK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.38885257	Yes
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	0.38444365	No
lexA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.38046912	Yes
cspA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	0.35358511	Yes
asmA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.34530093	No
sspA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.33640137	Yes
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	0.33419805	No
dacA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	0.32486474	Yes
mlaF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.32276964	No
mlc	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	0.31373097	No
bamB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.30860277	Yes
rppH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.28985373	Yes
fnr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	0.26733049	No
hdfR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	0.26545906	Yes
lpd	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	0.24815487	No
gyrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	0.24504376	No strain
crp	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	0.24302666	No
arfA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.24302666	No
alaS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	0.23974314	No
mrdB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	0.23531391	No strain
queA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.23388556	No
lpcA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0.21676754	No
ymgH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	5.42E-05	No
insI4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	5.42E-05	No strain
ydhB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide	5.42E-05	No
yibJ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	5.42E-05	No strain
kdsA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	5.42E-05	No strain
insB-5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	5.42E-05	No strain
pdeN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	5.42E-05	No
nuoG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	5.42E-05	No
rhsB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Levofloxacin	5.42E-05	No
ybgE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	5.42E-05	No
lapA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	5.42E-05	No
srkA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	5.42E-05	No
ygeR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide	5.42E-05	No
yohF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Oxycarboxin	5.42E-05	No
fumD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	5.42E-05	No
yoeH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Levofloxacin	5.42E-05	No strain
sdsR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin	5.42E-05	No strain
betT	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	5.42E-05	No
ypjK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Oxycarboxin	5.42E-05	No strain
murB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	5.42E-05	No strain
qorB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	5.42E-05	Yes
thiF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin	5.42E-05	No
ydcC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	5.42E-05	No
decR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	5.42E-05	No
rlmM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0	No
proV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	0	Yes
lpxC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	0	No strain
ydiP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	0	No
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	0	No
purN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	0	No
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	0	No
ytfK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	0	No
groS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	0	No strain
tsaD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	0	No strain
rpsP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	0	No strain
ypdC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	0	No
fhiA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	0	No
insH-11	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	0	No strain
lpxB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	0	No strain
cysS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	0	No strain
alsK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	0	No strain
hha	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	0	No
