Subject	Predicate	Object	Resistance
alaS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
crp	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
pdeN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
ydcC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Amoxicillin	No
dacA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
hha	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	No
mltG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
qorB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Ampicillin	Yes
insI4	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	No strain
srkA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Apramycin	No
arfA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	No
asmA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	No
bamB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	Yes
ftsP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	Yes
lexA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	Yes
lpcA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	No
lpxC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	No strain
mlaF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	No
queA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	No
rbsK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	Yes
rlmM	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	No
rppH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	Yes
sspA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	Yes
ubiF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	Yes
waaF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Cephradine	No
hrpA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	Yes
lapA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	No
proV	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	Yes
surA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	Yes
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	Yes
waaQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Chloramphenicol	Yes
fnr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	Yes
hupA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	Yes
mlc	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
purN	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
ydiP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Geneticin	No
atpA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	Yes
cspA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	Yes
hdfR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	Yes
hns	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
leuO	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
sapD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
ybgE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
ytfK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Hygromycin B	No
degP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	Yes
lpxB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No strain
ymgH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Kanamycin	No
gyrB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Levofloxacin	No strain
rhsB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Levofloxacin	No
yoeH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Levofloxacin	No strain
greA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	Yes
kdsA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No strain
mrdB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No strain
murB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Norfloxacin	No strain
cysS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No strain
gyrA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No strain
tsaD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Novobiocin	No strain
yohF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Oxycarboxin	No
ypjK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Oxycarboxin	No strain
crp	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
mfd	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	Yes
nuoG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
soxS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	Yes
waaC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Paromomycin	No
decR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
yjjY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Rifampin	No
fhiA	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	No
fumD	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sisomicin	No
alsK	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No strain
ddlB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
insB-5	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No strain
lpd	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	No
waaG	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
ybeY	confers resistance to antibiotic	Spectinomycin	Yes
sdsR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin	No strain
thiF	confers resistance to antibiotic	Streptomycin	No
ydhB	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide	No
ygeR	confers resistance to antibiotic	Sulfanilamide	No
groS	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No strain
rsmH	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No
tolQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	Yes
yibJ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Triclosan	No strain
betT	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	No
fnr	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	No
ypdC	confers resistance to antibiotic	Troleandomycin	No
insH-11	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No strain
rfaE	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
rpsP	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	No strain
tolQ	confers resistance to antibiotic	Vancomycin	Yes
